feat: Explain spans, transactions and events (#215)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/unified-api/tracing.mdx

## New `Span` and `Transaction` Classes

> In memory, spans build-up a conceptual tree of timed operations. We call the whole span tree a transaction. So one can think of the transaction as either the whole tree or the root span of the tree. In inheritance terms, `Transaction` "is a (subclass of)" `Span`.

Reviewer: > In inheritance terms, `Transaction` "is a (subclass of)" `Span`.

Is this an implementation detail, or part of the spec? Would a `Transaction` class that didn't inherit but instead had a `rootSpan` property (but otherwise had the same API as we currently have) be to spec or not?

Author: Some paragraphs later in this page:

> The `Transaction` class may inherit from `Span`, but that's an implementation detail.

The intention of the paragraph I'm adding is to give a high-level overview of the concepts, yet without going too deep -- this paragraph is just copy-paste from me explaining the difference in a PR comment that would get lost otherwise :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In memory, spans build-up a conceptual tree of timed operations. We call the whole span tree a transaction. In many SDKs, the transaction is represented by its root span (with a few extra attributes added in), but that is not a required implementation.
```

Author: If talking about inheritance is confusing, I'd remove the last sentence as it is not the critical piece here.

```suggestion
In memory, spans build up a conceptual tree of timed operations. We call the whole span tree a transaction. Sometimes we use the term "transaction" to refer to a span tree as a whole tree, sometimes to refer specifically to the root span of the tree.
```

@lobsterkatie would that work for you?

Reviewer: Sure, sounds great.

Over the wire, transactions are serialized to JSON as an augmented `Event`, and sent as envelopes. The different envelope types are for optimizing ingestion (so we can route "transaction events" differently than other events, mostly "error events").

> In the Sentry UI, you can use Discover to look at all events regardless of type, and the Issues and Performance sections to dive into errors and transactions, respectively. The [user facing tracing documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/product/performance/distributed-tracing/#traces-transactions-and-spans) explains more of the concepts on the product level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Sentry UI, you can use Discover to look at all events regardless of type, and the Issues and Performance sections to dive into errors and transactions, respectively. The [user-facing tracing documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/product/performance/distributed-tracing/#traces-transactions-and-spans) explains more of the concepts on the product level.
```
